I/6146 multiline toolbar (#8507)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/integration/configuration.md

	} );
```

### Extended format

You can use the extended toolbar configuration format to access additional options:

```js
    toolbar: {
        items: [ 'bold', 'italic', '|', 'undo', 'redo', '-', 'numberedList', 'bulletedList' ],
        viewportTopOffset: 30,
        shouldNotGroupWhenFull: true
    }
```

>  * **`items`** &ndash; An array of toolbar item names. The components (buttons, dropdowns, etc.) which can be used as toolbar items are defined in `editor.ui.componentFactory` and can be listed using the following snippet: `Array.from( editor.ui.componentFactory.names() )`

Reviewer: I know this is a straight copy from https://ckeditor5.github.io/docs/nightly/ckeditor5/latest/api/module_core_editor_editorconfig-EditorConfig.html#member-toolbar but mentioning `componentFactory` (which is a pretty low-level API) here in the guide for people who see the editor for the first time may not be the best idea. 

OTOH I don't know how we could avoid mentioning it. We don't have any guide for the component factory but it is used in the ["Creating a simple plugin" guide](https://ckeditor5.github.io/docs/nightly/ckeditor5/latest/framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin.html) so maybe at least link there?

Author: Maybe listing all items somewhere in the guide docs and linking there instead of mentioning about componentFactory?

Reviewer 2: This would be nice if we had a dedicated "toolbar guide" that was called for somewhere in the issues. List items, configuration and options. Maybe I should take it on next iteration.

 * **`viewportTopOffset`** &ndash; The offset (in pixels) from the top of the viewport used when positioning a sticky toolbar.
 Useful when a page with which the editor is being integrated has some other sticky or fixed elements
 (e.g. the top menu). Thanks to setting the toolbar offset the toolbar will not be positioned underneath or above the page's UI.

>  * **`shouldNotGroupWhenFull`** &ndash; When set `true`, the toolbar will stop grouping items and let them wrap to the next line when there is not enough space to display them in a single row.

Reviewer: We should mention here that grouping is enabled by default.

Author: Ok. By the way, I am considering if it will be more clear if the name will be `groupWhenFull`? (ofc. enabled by default).

#### Separating buttons

> You can use `'|'` to create a separator between groups of items. Works in both config formats:

Reviewer: I this entire section buttons and items are used interchangeably. I suggest we choose one way and stick to it to avoid further confusion. I'd go with "items" because not every toolbar item is a button (could be a separator, a drop-down). 

cc @godai78

Reviewer 2: Changed all to tollbar items.

```js
    toolbar: [ 'bold', 'italic', '|', 'undo', 'redo' ]
```

```js
    toolbar: {
        items: [ 'bold', 'italic', '|', 'undo', 'redo' ]
    }
```

There are also two ways of arranging buttons in multiple lines. Both require the extended format.

> 1. Set `shouldNotGroupWhenFull` to true, so items will wrap automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set `shouldNotGroupWhenFull` to true, so items will not be grouped when the toolbar overflows but wrap to the new line instead.
```

> 2. Follow 1st point and set the breaking point explicitly using `'-'` separator:

Reviewer: I would not use the word "separator" here. It can be confused with the items group separator (\`|\`).

Reviewer: I would also rephrase "Follow 1st point..." cc @godai78 .

Reviewer 2: Change separator into "divider"?

Reviewer: Or stay with 

> and set the breaking point explicitly using `'-'`.

Author: done

> 1. Set `shouldNotGroupWhenFull` to true, so items will not be grouped when the toolbar overflows but will wrap to the new line instead.

Reviewer 2: Should these two options be the same? This kind of looks confusing.

Author: Not sure if I understand your point. Are you thinking about changing writing about "two ways" and those two points into something like: "use shouldNotGroupWhenFull to enable automatic wrapping and add '-' if you want an explicit break"? It could sound better.

Reviewer 2: I mean "Set to true gives you option one" and "set to true gives you option two" might look like there is some error. So rewriting it the way you suggest should do the trick. I know this is opposed to another configuration option and a careful reader will notice it, still, this caught my eye.

Author: Corrected, please check it now.

Reviewer 2: Looks nice!

    }
```

>  * **`items`** &ndash; An array of toolbar item names. Most of the components (buttons, dropdowns, etc.) which can be used as toolbar items are described under {@link features/index Features} tab. Full list is defined in {@link module:ui/componentfactory~ComponentFactory editor.ui.componentFactory} and can be listed using the following snippet: `Array.from( editor.ui.componentFactory.names() )`. More details could be found in {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin}.

Reviewer 2: We could use some new, more advanced "simple plugin" guide, as this one is kind of covered by existing plugins. And this kind of guide would be a good showcase for toolbar items etc.

Author: Yes, it could be helpful, but it seems like another ticket. Should I change something in the description above?

Reviewer 2: Nah, the description is good - I'll make one small change to it I just noticed it needs. It's just an idea that already popped up somewhere. For now, what we have will do.
